== IRC ==

Should we add the IRC (#madoka on irc.rizon.net) to every Madoka Thread as well as the Wiki by default? [[User:Calibre|Calibre]] 11:48, 22 January 2011 (CST)
:I agree with this. [[User:Commie|Commie]] 11:51, 22 January 2011 (CST)
::I'll just go ahead and add it, seeing how it's mentioned on the main page already.[[User:Calibre|Calibre]] 14:01, 22 January 2011 (CST)

== Image Packs ==
I see what you did there, moving the image pack to Threads, but, then I noticed there was a Media section, and it all got a bit confusing. --[[User:Sayaka|Sayaka]] 01:44, 23 January 2011 (CST)
:Image macros in this page is about stuff that is strictly /a/-related (e.g. thread finder, meme, etc.). The one in Media is more general. Since image pack is mostly picked up from /a/, I thought it might better fit here. --[[User:0x99|0x99]] 03:41, 23 January 2011 (CST)

It's been discussed in the threads this morning but no real consensus has been reached, so: instead of having one big archive split in 5 parts or so, wouldn't it be more useful to have a standalone archive per category? (or at least separate NSFW from the rest as mentionned before). This way people can grab just the parts they want (e.g. the wallpapers or the reaction pics), and Archive-kun won't have to reupload the whole thing every time, just the categories that have changed. --[[User:Homerun-chan|Homerun-chan]] 17:25, 12 February 2011 (CST)
:Little correction to what I just said: I just noticed these are now standalone archives, and not one big archive split in parts. Anyway, the content of the archives don't seem very consistent (like, having the 'fanart' folder spanning in two separate archives), so my question still holds --[[User:Homerun-chan|Homerun-chan]] 17:28, 12 February 2011 (CST)

== 'Image macros' section ==

Is that section really useful now that we have the image pack just below? I think we should remove it. --[[User:Homerun-chan|Homerun-chan]] 05:08, 19 February 2011 (CST)
:I agreed it should be removed. Most of them are not used anywhere else in this wiki anyway. --[[User:0x99|0x99]] 10:06, 19 February 2011 (CST)

==[[Pre-season threads]]==
Wait, why don't we just create a new section inside [[Threads]] instead of creating a new page? --[[User:0x99|0x99]] 08:31, 29 January 2011 (CST)

== /u/ madoka general ==

Why aren't the /u/ general threads also archived?  After all, shipping is SRSBS. [[User:Prima|Prima]] 11:33, 8 February 2011 (CST)
:Main reason was because I don't lurk /u/ and /u/sers seem to be lazy. Technical reason is because /u/ isn't archived on green-oval.--[[User:Homerun-chan|Homerun-chan]] 05:07, 19 February 2011 (CST)

== Emergency, general threads splitting like mad post-Episode 8 ==

Rome has fallen!  The empire is dead!  All hope is lost!

Not sure how to handle it at the moment, so I'll just keep track of madoka related threads here:

>>46387005  
Homura thread 
88 posts and 14 image replies omitted.

>>46382995
HOLY SHIT, /a/. HOLY SHIT.

>>46385796   [Reply]
How do you pronounce 'Madoka', /É/?
49 posts and 4 image replies omitted.

>>46386360   [Reply]
We still don't know what she really said, right?
Maybe the writers will have her talk with Kyusiko actually be about Sayaka.
21 posts and 2 image replies omitted.

>>46388042   [Reply]
>my face when Coobie is a cat
You may be smug right now mother fucker, but just wait.
28 posts and 6 image replies omitted.

>>46387866   [Reply]
>watching Madoka because of all the discussions about it I see here
36 posts and 4 image replies omitted.

>>46373134   [Reply]
>MFW ALL THE BULLSHIT SPECULATIONS THAT WERE CONTRIVED FROM EPISODE 1 ARE ALL TRUE
174 posts and 34 image replies omitted.

>>46385971   [Reply]
How to kill Incubator, discuss.
82 posts and 43 image replies omitted.

>>46385237   [Reply]
Since all our predictions about Madoka turned out to be true, let's one-up ourselves and predict the ending.
234 posts and 75 image replies omitted.
[[User:Prima|Prima]] 12:10, 25 February 2011 (UCT)

>>46391304 (proper topic)
[[User:Prima|Prima]] 14:01, 25 February 2011 (UCT)

:Okay.   We have a proper topic at >>46391304 now.  Unless someone objects, I trimed the parallel threads down to the three major ones >>46385237, >>46373134, and >>46387005.  Since all three are likely to reach bump limit concurrently, they'll be labeled 240-B,-C,-D.  >>46391304 will be labeled #241.  Hopefully this resolves the issue. [[User:Prima|Prima]] 14:14, 25 February 2011 (UCT)
::If any of the other aforementionned threads are worth reading, don't hesitate to either add them to the 'non-general' list. I wasn't around for the last 24 hours so I don't really know what they're about but according to the OPs some might be interresting --[[User:Homerun-chan|Homerun-chan]] 15:46, 25 February 2011 (UCT)

== Subgroups comparison copypasta ==

A ... "recurrent subject" in the threads being "who's the best subs group?", here's the usual copypasta for easier reference (not that it won't still cause a 2000-post-long group war anyway, but at least one post would be constructive)

<pre>
[Nutbladder]
http://www.onezerotwo.net

- Speed: Fastest release (Evening after broadcast.)
- TL: Adequate, infrequent but notable errors.
- Style: Honorifics omitted. Typos not uncommon. Emphasizes plain English: not as colorful as gg but not as rigid as yesy.
- Files: Averages the lowest sizes (300~400MB), occasional commercials. Bonus rune font subtitle track since 3.
- Errata: Updated scripts available on their website. Rune sub track bug in 8/9, manual switch to Eng. may be required.

[gg]
http://www.ggkthx.org

- Speed: Typically, a close second after NB.
- TL: Adequate, with notable lapses (such as 2) due to staff issues.
- Style: Honorifics and insert song karaoke omitted. Emphasizes creative, natural-sounding English. Uses "Puella Magi" instead of "magical girl", in concordance with the title.
- Files: Largest sizes, hovering around 500MB. Regularly includes commercials, "colorful" chapter naming.
- Errata: Updated scripts available on their website.

[MahouShoujo+yesy]
http://yesy-fansubs.net/

- Speed: Initial wait for release is late night Thursday or early morning Friday at the earliest, but will often take several days.
- TL: Good. Specifically solicits TL Q&A (although all groups have open blog commenting).
- Style: Strives to remain close to the original meaning, which often results in accurate but rather awkwardly constructed sentences. Honorifics are left in.
- Files: First releases "x264" version, followed later by "ts" version with better raw. Sizes vary, but typically fall in the middle.

[Chihiro]
http://www.chihiro-subs.com/

- Speed: Slowest releases, often one or two weeks or more.
- TL: Generally regarded to be rather poor.
- Style: Leaves honorifics in.
- Files: Average 720p file size (390~440MB), but the only group to also offer 480p alternative.
</pre>
--[[User:Homerun-chan|Homerun-chan]] 23:30, 12 March 2011 (UTC)

== Kyuubey takes all that I love away from me ==

First he came and took away the finale, now general threads are banned and rizon is down again.  It's only a matter of time before this wiki disappear too. ;_; [[User:Prima|Prima]] 11:42, 9 April 2011 (UTC)

== Last day's invasion ==

I suspect quite a lot of threads on /a/ today, so let's just reference them here first before sorting them out and putting it on the page. All threads that mention Madoka in a relevant enough way should go here for the time being:

*48461151
*48464063
*48464424
*48464799
*48465023
*48463123 (potential to become livewatch) -- ADDED
*48463569
*48465356 -- ADDED
*48465541
*48465602
*48469827 (possible general) -- ADDED
*48465889
*48465982 "I bet Mami will live again"
*48465990
*48471064 (next general) -- ADDED
*48472608 (general #3) -- ADDED
*/b/324060168

Totally unsorted, was up at the time of broadcast:
*48473885 -- ADDED
*48474060 -- ADDED
*48474560
*48476689 -- ADDED AS NON-GENERAL
*48474898
*48475046 (no Madoka Thread allowed)
*48475082
*48475105
*48475110
*48475112
*48475180
*48475181
*48475257 (Madoka haiku)
*48475295 (fucking elephants)
*48475498
*48475692 -- ADDED
*48475721
*48475935 -- ADDED
*48477682 archive failed
*48477728 ending confirmed
*48477900
*48478050
*48478368
*48478387
*48478641 various "who is Madoka" jokes
*48478864 (Jesus has a soul gem!) -- ADDED AS NON-GENERAL
*48479038 more "who is Madoka" jokes
*48479048 ... and still more
*48479116
*48479379 (Sayaka thread) -- ADDED AS NG
*48485588
*48480434 (Mecha thread) -- ADDED AS NG
*48486684 She did use a bow!
*48488013 Where was Urobuchi?
*48486093
*48493894 (possible general) -- ADDED
*48496671 (possible general) -- ADDED
*48498849 (possible general) -- ADDED
*48500915 (possible general) -- ADDED
*48503106 (possible general) -- ADDED
*/m/6392952
*48509335 
*48509815 Ending explanations
*48512641
*48514161 (Hail Madoka, holy be thy name)
*48514533 
*48515124  
*48514712 still more "who is Madoka?" jokes
*48512196 (friendzoned by God)
*48513106
*48514395 (Post Madoka Dramatic Disorder thread)
*48515579 Failed theories thread / Nostalgia thread
*48515790  
*48515841
*48517990 (Madoka got the worst curse)
*48520448
*48526518
*48541824 only ep11 aired
*48533277
*48543833 (Let's identify all the historical mahou shoujos)

Since as expected, madoka spilled all over the board(s), I propose we work like that:
* Live-watching, pre-live watching and reaction threads are tagged as such, and added in the general chain (it's been the case already)
* Long enough threads (those that went past bump limit e.g.) are considered generals and tagged as such
* Shorter threads and/or humoristic threads are considered non-generals and belong to the second section
* All other threads (short-lived threads that don't have a particular interrest) are just kept here, but don't move to the main page
* The numbering doesn't really matter. Let's say we order them by thread ID, that seems the most consistent.
Does it sound right to you?<br>
Also, I'll be pretty busy these next few days so I let the archiving in your hands guys. As said above I don't think archiving every madoka thread at this point is relevant; just keep the longest/most interresting ones. --[[User:Homerun-chan|Homerun-chan]] 07:57, 22 April 2011 (UTC)
:I don't think it's possible to document even a sizable portion of threads at this point. [[User:Prima|Prima]] 05:40, 23 April 2011 (UTC)

== Foldable lists ==

Is there a way to make foldable lists, like in wikipedia, and if so, don't you think we should make one per episode?<br>
Because this page is getting pretty long, and it's probably only the beginning ... --[[User:Homerun-chan|Homerun-chan]] 07:58, 22 April 2011 (UTC)

== ;_; ==

Breaking news from the IRC: green-oval removed /a/ from its archive ;_; So now we have a long page of >600 dead links ;_; --[[User:Homerun-chan|Homerun-chan]] 22:01, 2 July 2011 (UTC)
:I just saw a thread on /a/ talking about this. Apparently they are moving /a/ to easymodo.--[[User:Riga92|Riga92]] 22:27, 2 July 2011 (UTC)
::Looks like they'll put it back so it'll work out.  --[[User:Randomanon|randomanon]] 22:38, 2 July 2011 (UTC)
:::Not right away though, right? I just checked easymodo and it's not there yet. [[User:Snsninja|Snsninja]] 23:29, 2 July 2011 (UTC)
:::Tolling the puell-magi wiki is suffering. - [[User:Prima|Prima]] 00:43, 3 July 2011 (UTC)
::::I just updated the links. Didn't double check all of them, of course, but it looks like it's all working. [[User:KM|KM]] 01:11, 3 July 2011 (UTC)
:::::Yea they are working, but is it just me, or are there no images on the threads?--[[User:Riga92|Riga92]] 01:58, 3 July 2011 (UTC)
::::::Seems like going to the patrolling the place the internet goes to die isn't suffering enough :( --[[User:BrickBreak|BrickBreak]] 02:57, 3 July 2011 (UTC)
:::::::Sounding quite Google Translate-ish there, BrickBreak. In other news, the images are back too --[[User:Homerun-chan|Homerun-chan]] 16:53, 3 July 2011 (UTC)
:::::It's at times like this that you're glad there's a "search & replace" feature in most programs :) --[[User:Homerun-chan|Homerun-chan]] 16:52, 3 July 2011 (UTC)

== Threads in more than one category? ==

http://archive.easymodo.net/a/thread/54348079 in

1. Characters Generals:
Seyiku why

2. Uncategorized:
Why do humans have such a problem with where their souls end up?


Just wanted to point that out.

==The archive didn't have enough grief seeds==
Easymodo was taken down and the database is available for download there. Depsite "This happens every other month", it sounds more realistic this time, and foolz is starting up a new archive. I'm planning to switch the thread links over to it. /tg/ will go to suptg, if all the relevant threads turn out to be on it. Also, if one of you has the resources, now is the time to back up the archive database just in case. It'll only be up on easymodo for about a week. When/if a torrent of it appears, point it out here. I'd do it myself but low upload residential dsl kind of defeats the purpose. [[User:KM|KM]] 01:01, 31 October 2011 (UTC)

==Board archive list==

*/a/: archive.foolz.us, <del>fuuka.bwaka.net</del>
*/tg/: fuuka.warosu.org, archive.foolz.us, suptg.thisisnotatrueending.com (only requested threads)
*/jp/: archive.foolz.us, <del>fuuka.bwaka.net</del>, fuuka.warosu.org, jparchive.dyndns.org
*/u/: archive.foolz.us, <del>fuuka.bwaka.net</del>


*/m/: archive.foolz.us
*/co/: archive.no-ip.org
*/sci/: installgentoo.net, gentoomen.org
*/g/: installgentoo.net, gentoomen.org
*/diy/: installgentoo.net, archive.no-ip.org
*/pol/: installgentoo.net, archive.no-ip.org
*/tv/: archive.foolz.us, gentoomen.org
*/lit/: gentoomen.org


Other archive.no-ip.org boards: 3,adv,an,ck,co,diy,fa,fit,int,k,mu,n,new,o,p,po,pol,r9k,soc,sp,toy,trv,v,vp,x

fuuka.bwaka.net is down. Likely permanently, but left as strikethrough until the reason is determined.

== Kyouko threads in a separate category? ==

So, uh, seeing how Kyouko threads (usually started by Kyoubro) are becoming a relatively regular thing on /a/ and they're timed so they don't fly right into the spammer's times, I've been thinking maybe all Kyouko threads should get their own category, at least.

On the other hand, the current thread list related to characters is beyond huge already. Maybe we should just give each character their own section by now?

Personally, I'm in favor of categorizing all characters separately for the main cast, and if some madman makes a Hitomi or Kazumi thread, they get filed under "misc" and done. [[User:CuleX|CuleX]] 07:42, 3 January 2012 (UTC)
:I see no problem with this. Categorizing each of the main girls would make the character threads easier to browse. --[[User:Riga92|Riga92]] 07:43, 3 January 2012 (UTC)
